Do you have any phobias, fears or concerns about going to the doctor?
Do you have any concerns over vaccinations or flu shots for you or your children?
What are your feelings about recreational drugs? Have you ever taken any and if so, how long did you use drugs? Do you still use them?
Do you have any concerns about my health or unhealthy habits?
Second hand smoke is one of the leading causes of cancer and breathing related illnesses. Will you allow anyone to smoke around your children? If you smoke now would you make a serious attempt to quit before having children?
Have you ever suffered from depression (not just feeling blue, but a feeling of extreme sadness that leaves you nearly paralyzed)? If so, what brought these feelings on, how long did the depression last and what therapies worked for you?
Have you ever had serious thoughts about committing suicide? What are your thoughts about those who kill themselves?
Do you think tobacco should be banned since it is an addictive drug? If that happened what affect would it have on people's lives 20 years from now? Should marijuana be made legal? How would that change affect society 20 years from now?
When, if ever, was the first time you smoked a cigarette? Why did you try it? How long did you smoke? If you still smoke, have you ever seriously tried to quit?
Do you smoke (or chew tobacco)? How often? How long have you been doing so and have you ever tried to stop? What methods?
Which meals would you like to be able to eat together? Do you think we will be able to consistently do so?
Do you get irritated when you have to wait in long lines? Will you wait 45 minutes to be seated in a restaurant?
Do you have any special dietary needs? How do you need me to support you with this need?
Do you consider yourself in shape?
Do you live to eat or eat to live?
What do you think are your optimum hours of sleep to be fully energized?
Do you ever diet? What sort of diets do you usually go on?
How often do you get sick? Is it a cold, flu or usually something else?
Are you a coupon collector? Do you sometimes get fanatical about saving money on groceries?
How many drinks does it take until you are definitely "feeling it." Do you cut yourself off after a certain number of drinks? Or when do you know you have had enough?
Have you ever had an emotional breakdown or been diagnosed with a mental illness? How long did the recovery take?
What do you think about eating meals (with your family) in front of the television? Do you think family time and discussions around the dinner table are important?
Do you have any rooms that are off limits for bringing in food?
Do you find that you eat when you are bored, stressed, or worried?
Are there emotional times that make you want to eat?
Have you ever deliberately thrown up food or ate tiny amounts of food to lose weight?
How much time per day/week do you currently exercise? How much time do you think you should spend? How do you think we could help each other with our exercise regimens?
Do you have any particular health concerns (e.g. heart problems, high blood pressure, diabetes, asthma, etc.)?
Do you get a regular medical checkup? When was your last one?
Are you more likely to take over the counter medicines, prescription medicines, homeopathic medicines, natural remedies or nothing at all when you are sick?
Do you cook or do you only eat prepackaged food? How often do you go out to eat?
Will you eat everything on your plate no matter how much is there (assuming you like the food)? Or will you quit when you feel full enough? Do you need to feel "stuffed" to be satisfied?
What form of exercise do you prefer?
Do you currently suffer from a sleeping disorder? Have you ever?
Do you enjoy eating leftovers? Do you refuse to eat leftovers?
Do you always like to sample your partner's food in restaurants?
Does it bother you if someone always wants to taste your food/drink?
Have you ever done any stupid or dangerous things when you were drunk? Like what?
Do you regularly take vitamins? Do you think the foods you eat have enough naturally occurring vitamins in them?
Could you ever be married to someone whose breath and clothes always reeked of tobacco?
Do you try to eat healthy meals? Organic?
Are you currently on any medication? What for?
On average, how many alcoholic beverages do you have in a week?
Is that all at once, on the weekend or spread about through the week?
Do you like to plan your week's menu in advance or cook whatever
you are in the mood for (or have ingredients for)?
Do you enjoy cooking for company or do you feel inadequate?
Do you usually just buy what you need at the store, whatever is on sale, or whatever looks good?
Are you highly critical of the food and service when you dine out?
Can you go out and enjoy a meal or do you always have to "rate" it?
Are you fearful of germs or food poisoning and tend to toss everything out of the refrigerator that is more than a week old?
Were you taught proper table manners growing up? Do you feel that your table manners need improving? Would you like for your mate to point out where you could improve? Do your partner's table manners embarrass you when you eat in public?
Do you drink coffee? If so, how many times a week and how many cups each day? Do you feel that you need a caffeine "fix" to get going for the day?
Do you ever drink and drive? Would you agree not to if your partner had a big problem with you doing so?
Do you have any allergies?
Have you been abused in any way - sexually, emotionally, or physically? Do you still have emotional scars from it? Have you ever counseled about it?
Are you a gourmet - enjoying trying all sorts of international cuisine or do you prefer to eat the same basic food all the time?
Do you remember your first alcoholic drink? What were the circumstances?
Who do you think should be responsible for grocery shopping and cooking in a marriage? When you are married how many times a week do you think you would eat out?
What foods do you really dislike? Are there any foods you don't eat for health or other reasons?
Have you ever been hospitalized? What for? What was the experience like?