What things about me remind you of anyone from your past, either past sweethearts or good friends?
What do you think are my talents? Do you think you have any of the same talents?
How many physical fights have you been in? Do you usually start them? Why do you fight?
Has anyone very dear to you died? How did you handle it?
What are you most fearful of? How does that fear keep you from doing things you would like to do?
Are you chirpy in the morning or are you a grouch?
Do you ever pick up hitchhikers? Which type of people would you pick up?
How often do you think your gut feeling is correct? When can you remember that it was incorrect?
What one skill do you wish you had learned but haven't yet (Play the piano? Learn a foreign language? Fly a plane? Etc.)?
Does public speaking frighten you? Have you had much experience with it?
What sort of reaction do you have when you get very upset?
Is it ever appropriate for someone to express anger in a physical way? If so, when and how?
How do typically handle the trauma from a big loss whether it is from the death of a loved one, getting fired or some other big disappointment?
What is your typical reaction when someone criticizes you?
About what things are you most selfish?
Do you think that you are able to calmly and wisely react in emergencies? What are some examples of emergencies you have had?
How did you feel when a beloved pet of yours died?
Do you have a dream that repeats again and again? What is it?
What feeling do you have the most difficulty controlling?
What feeling do you have the most difficulty expressing?
How do you think I handle myself when I'm in a crisis situation?
If you could choose to know everything about one topic, what area would you choose to be an expert?
How would someone be able to tell if you're happy? If you're sad?
Are you an organized person?
If a fire destroyed your home and all of your belongings, what would you do? If you could take out three things before the blaze, what would they be? (Assuming there is no one in the house at the time of the fire.)
If you were a very talented writer and were guaranteed to sell 100,000 copies of whatever book you wrote, what would it be about?
Does any particular season make you happier than others? If so, do you know why?
Do you like your first name? Have you ever wished you had a different name? What name would it be?
When you are sick and feeling poorly, do you like to be alone or do you like to be pampered and have someone close to your side most of the time?
What is the most thoughtful, caring thing you have ever done?
Do you ever think that your partner gives more time, love and affection to a child or pet and it makes you jealous?
Do you like to exaggerate things for effect?
If you had to be a different nationality, what country would you like to have been born in? Why?
If you were given $50,000 to throw a party for all of your friends, what sort of party would you put together?
Are you a morning, a night person or somewhere in the middle?
Do you think you would prefer a calm, loving, consistent marriage or one that was full of excitement, wild times and rocky patches?
Do you think you are a fairly typical man/woman in the way you think, act and believe?
Are you one who adapts to change easily? Can you cite some examples?
Do you have a child's heart sometimes? What sort of “childish” things do you think about doing?
Are you generally an optimist, pessimist or a realist?
How often do you cry? What situations often bring you to tears?
What makes you feel secure and safe?
Do you tend to analyze your decisions before you talk about them or do ideas and thoughts blurt out without much forethought?
Would you describe yourself as a peace-keeper or a trouble-maker?
What type of social gatherings do you prefer - small groups or large parties?
Do you like to be the life of the party or do you prefer intimate, one on one conversation?
Are you more of an introvert or an extrovert? Does it change depending on the crowd?
Do you experience PMS? Is it mild or severe? How does your mood change and for how many days? How do you want to be treated during your period?
What do you tend to be humble about? When do you catch yourself being arrogant?
Do you tend to keep a lot of thoughts and feelings to yourself or do you share them pretty openly?
Do you ever lose your temper? How does it manifest itself?
Do you give money to homeless people/beggars? Why or why not?
What experiences usually make you filled with joy?
Do you currently believe that you are mature and experienced enough to be able to build and maintain a very successful marriage?
When did you feel you were ready or when do you think you will be there?
Which do you think should have the final say in decisions - logic or emotions? Why?
In what circumstances do you feel most at peace?
Men, what do you think is the best thing about being a guy? Women, what do you think is the best thing about being a female?
Do you think of yourself as mechanically inclined?
If you were given the opportunity to successfully run for president, would you do so? When you won, what three things would you most like to improve in your country?
If someone gave you one million dollars that you were required to give to some person or organization, who would you give it to?
Do you enjoy hugging people? Do you like receiving hugs?
What five things have you done in your life that you are most proud of?
Tell me about the most emotional cry that you can recall.
Has there ever been a time when you felt like you were going to "lose it"?
If your partner had an affair, how would you react? Could you forgive him or her?
If your partner had a one-night fling after drinking too much, how would you react? Could you forgive him or her?
Are you able to keep secrets? Is it hard for you?
Have you ever given a speech? What was the last one about?
Does anyone give you an inferiority complex?
Do you think that luck has much to play in your life?
Do you find it difficult to compromise on things?
Do you have a fear of being alone? Rejected? Unloved?
Is there anything that makes you feel homesick, nostalgic or sentimental?
Do you have an idol? Do you try to model yourself after him or her in some way?
Do you think of yourself more as a leader or a follower?
Over the last five years how do you think you have changed for the worse? Better?
Did you have a point in your life where you turned your life around?
What one thing could you change in your behavior that would make your relationship closer? What is keeping you from making that change?
Is there anything that you constantly worry about?
If someone tells you a juicy tidbit about a friend or coworker, do you have difficulty keeping it to yourself? Do you ever tell people they shouldn't gossip?
If you were paid a salary to work for any one charity for an entire year, which charity would you choose?
Would you rather be mute, blind or deaf? Which of the three would be the worst?
Is there anything that you have practically no self-control over (ice cream, offers for a roll in the hay, a bargain shoe sale, a beanie baby for your collection, etc.)?
Do you think you are interesting or a bore?
Are you more sensitive than most people of your gender?
Do you usually ask for help or support or do you prefer to fail all on your own?
If you had huge financial losses and had to liquidate all of your possessions including your car and home, what would that do to your self-esteem?
What makes you feel important?
How would you rate your maturity among your peers?
What is your number one flaw? What steps are you taking to overcome it?
Do you see yourself as worthy of love? Why or why not?
What is your greatest disappointment?
Have you ever worked really hard at something but it didn't pay off in the end?
Do you have a "special place"? Why is it so meaningful to you?
Why do you feel that you are trustworthy?
Do you think you are competitive? In what areas?
Am I a nagger? How so? Does it irritate you?
Are there any rituals you do every day?
How do you feel when someone close to you disagrees with you?
In which areas of your life do you feel like you are an independent?
In which areas are you dependent on others?
Do you enjoy debating others?
In what ways do you feel really blessed?
What things tend to make you angry? How do you usually react
when you are angry?
On which topics do you feel qualified at giving advice?
Would you make a serious attempt to lose weight if your partner asked you to?
How do you think I could enjoy life more?
What is a talent that you wish you possessed?
Do you write important dates such as birthdays and anniversaries in your calendar? Do you use a calendar? Do you usually remember those dates?
Have you ever played any musical instruments? Which ones and do you still play them?
If you had to be famous, what would you want to be famous for? Do you think fame would be a good thing or a bad thing for your relationship?
If you knew you would die in two days, how would you spend the time until then?
How many hours does it take until you can't stand being alone anymore?
What makes life worth living?
Do you think I am a lot like the other members of my family? How am I like them?
What are your thoughts on crying?
Can you think of any trait of mine that reminds you of your father or mother?
Are you a balanced person? If so, how did you get to be balanced? If not, what steps do you need to take to be more balanced?
If you could make any three changes to our school systems, what would they be?
If you could live one year of your life all over again without changing a thing, what year would you choose? Why?
Do you prefer receiving expensive gifts or ones that come from the heart?
Do you know most of your neighbors? Do you ever socialize with any of them?
Have you ever lived alone? Do you or did you enjoy it?
Someone once said "A women who does not feel loved needs jewelry, gold and dazzling gifts to be happy. A woman who truly feels loved finds those gifts to be superfluous (nice, but not necessary)". Do you agree?
Prior to this year, what is the best gift you've ever received? Why was it so special?
How do feel about your mate reading your private email?
Are you camera shy? Why?
Do you feel that you need to be occasionally held or emotionally supported by someone who is strong? Why or why not?
Do you generally make to do lists? Would you like it or be offended if your mate helped you make a to do list?
Do you feel like you waste a lot of time? Do you wish you didn't? Do you feel that your partner wastes a lot of time? Does that bother you?
Do you tend to be punctual or are you usually late?
What are some things that you consider a waste of time?
What do you like most about my personality?