What is your favorite holiday? Why is it so special to you?
Do you think we should spend certain holidays with certain families or would you like to spend holidays alone (and with any kids we might have) for a change?
If you have children from another relationship, how do you negotiate with whom they spend the holidays?
What are your thoughts about couples renewing their vows?
Has anyone ever thrown an extra special birthday party for you?
What made it so memorable?
How much do you feel we should spend on Christmas? Who should we buy gifts for: friends, all relatives, co-workers, mailman, etc? Or do we want to try to celebrate it spiritually without all the commercialism? If so, how do we celebrate it?
Do your religious beliefs prohibit the celebration of certain holidays?
If you are a Christian, how can you put the focus of the Christmas season on Jesus Christ?
Who should be responsible for sending holiday cards and thank you notes from the family?
How do you think a married couple should celebrate their wedding anniversary? Does it always have to be the same way?
Who should plan wedding anniversaries? Would you like to rotate?
Should we have a yearly budget?
How important is it that you spend the holidays with your spouse and young children?
How much do you spend on wedding gifts? Birthday presents?
Christmas gifts?
Do you think partners should spend the same amount on each other for Christmas? What amount? What if one partner earns far more than the other and you keep separate accounts?
Which family members should we buy birthday or special holidays gifts for (parents, siblings, aunts/uncles, grandparents, cousins, etc.)?
How do you usually spend the "big" holidays? Do you do so mainly out of tradition or because you really enjoy celebrating it that way?
Do you decorate elaborately for holidays? Would you like to put up more decorations if you had the time/money?
Do you like to throw holiday parties or dinners? What do you usually do?
If you didn't receive any gifts for Christmas (or the major holiday you celebrate) how would you feel?
Do you usually have to work on any of the major holidays?
How did you celebrate birthdays as a child? How do you like to celebrate yours now?
Do you get emotional (irritated, sad, joyous, etc.) before or after any holidays? Which ones and why?