Where do you think you would be most comfortable living? City or country? Near the beach or closer to the mountains? Hot, warm or cold climate?
What is the bare minimum you expect in a home?
Are there duties or chores that you don't think you would do in a marriage? (take out the trash, mow the lawn, clean bathrooms, iron, etc)
Which type of home do you think would have the most benefit for our lifestyle? Apartment (no maintenance but not much privacy and not a long term investment)? House (regular yard work and maintenance but the most privacy)? Townhouse/condo (no yard or exterior maintenance but certain restrictions and not as much privacy)?
Do you keep things that have no real use and will probably never been used again (old newspapers, magazines, broken appliances, etc.)? Would you be willing to throw out or let your mate help you go through your "junk" if the clutter began to affect your relationship?
How long do you usually take to get ready in the morning?
How do you feel about your mate redecorating without consulting you?
How soon would you like to move out of our first (or current) home?
Next year? Five years? After the kids move out? Never?
Do you allow anyone to smoke in your house?
Do you like to have chores scheduled or just do them when they need it (or you feel like it)?
If you had to pick a different city to live in with your sweetheart and proximity to family and friends didn't matter, which city would it be?
Have you ever hired a cleaning service? Do you think they are a waste of money or money well spent?
What do you envision our home (our realistic home - not our dream home) looking like? The architecture, the décor, the yard, etc?
Do you usually listen to music around the house? What kind? How loud?
Do you screen phone calls before answering the phone? Can you let the phone ring during meals or when company is over or do you feel compelled to always answer it?
Do you have pests (mice, roaches, spiders, etc.) at your house?
Would you use an exterminator if your mate asked you to?
What do you like/dislike about the town(s) where you grew up?
What do you do with your junk mail?
Do you clean up the kitchen after every meal? Each night? Or when you run out of dishes or company is coming over?
How clean do you keep your house?
Do you usually put things back where they belong soon after you use them?
What temperature do you like it in the house during the winter? Summer?
Would it bother you if I walked around the house naked?
How often do you feel the sheets should be changed?
Do you snore? Can someone hear you snoring from another room?
What are your sleeping habits (do you steal the covers, sprawl all over the bed, etc.)?
Are you able to fall asleep with the lights on? TV on?
How do you feel about your partner using your toothbrush?
If you could build a vacation home anywhere in the world, where would you build it?
Describe your getting ready for work/getting ready for bed ritual.
How often do you think a bathroom needs to be cleaned? Have you ever cleaned a toilet?
How many times a day/week do you take a shower or bath? Do you bathe in the morning or night?
How many times a day do you brush your teeth?
After you have used a towel, where do you put it? How often do you feel that towels should be replaced with fresh ones? Would you want to share your mate's towel or have your own?
When taking off your clothes, do you immediately put them in the hamper if dirty, hang them up or fold them if clean or leave them on the floor?
Does it bother you if you mate leaves their hair in the sink?
Have you ever hired a gardener? Do you think they are a waste of money or money well spent?
Do you put toxic poisons on your yard (weed killer, etc.)? How do you feel about using those chemicals?
If you and your mate decide to get a hot tub or a pool in the future, who would be responsible for cleaning it?
How many hours a week do you usually spend taking care of your yard?
Can you live in a place that has junk in the yard (broken down vehicles, old appliances, ratty furniture, etc.)? Does your yard currently have junk in it? What are your plans for the junk? Would you do everyone a favor and haul it to the dump this week?
Do you enjoy doing yard work? Do you expect your mate to help you with the yard work? Or for them to do it without you?
Do you use your yard for any activities?
Do you prefer a low maintenance yard or a style that demands a bit of work? What style do you like (lots of lawn, lots of flowers, tropical, desert, large vegetable garden, etc.)
Do you have a desire for a lot of land with your home? How much?
Do you wear anything in your hair or on your face when you go to sleep? How about a retainer or orthodontic equipment?
Do you expect that both you and your mate would go to bed that the same time each night? How would you feel if your mate wanted to stay up several hours after you went to bed? What time do you usually go to bed on a work night? Non-work night?
What chore do you most detest?
Do you make your bed every day? Does it bother you if it is left unmade?
Do you like a breeze blowing on you while you are asleep?
How important to you is a house that is clean and without clutter?
Would you be willing to clean the house to your liking if your spouse doesn't clean it to your satisfaction?
Do you feel that the pluses outweigh the minuses regarding having a television in the bedroom? What are the positives and negatives?