Do you think astrological birth signs represents one's character? Why?
Do you believe in God? What were you raised to believe abou religion?
If you are a Christian, what does the word "submission" in Ephesians 5:21,22 mean?
How do you feel that a husband can “submit” in marriage?
Do you believe all religions are worshipping God the way He wants us to?
What has been your most negative experience with your religion or other religions?
What has been your most positive experience with your religion or other religions?
If you are turned off on religion is it because of bad experiences you have had with humans or is it because you are unhappy with God?
Do you have any customs or rituals regarding celebrating births and remembering deaths in your family?
About how many times a month/year do you attend church services?
How important is religion when deciding to seriously date someone?
What religious differences would cause you serious doubts about a long-term relationship?
Do you believe that if you give money to churches or charity that you will be financially rewarded? Rewarded in other ways?
Do you believe in ghosts, angels or extraterrestrial beings? Why?
If you have religious convictions regarding sex before marriage, what boundaries should you set up so you live up to those convictions?
If you say you are a religious person, do you really practice it? Have you studied your religion's doctrines? In which ways are you not actively following your faith?
Have you seriously studied other faiths besides your own? If you are a Christian do you know what other denominations believe and teach?
What doctrines are essential for a church to teach in order for you to be able to become a member?
Do you attend the church you were brought up in? Would you consider attending a different church/denomination if your spouse desired?
Is it more important that you attend a church where you are comfortable or is it more important that you worship with your husband/children? What do you think of couples who each attend their own Christian church?
Could you marry someone who does not share your fundamental religious beliefs?
When we die, what do you think happens to us? What do you base your opinion on?
What do you think it means to receive Christ as your Savior and Lord or "have you been saved"?
Have you ever personally received Christ as your Savior and Lord? Yes/No/Unsure If yes, Where? When?
What would you like to happen to your body (buried, cremated, donated to science, etc.) when you die? Do you have this stipulation in writing anywhere?
What are your father's and mother's religious backgrounds?
If we practice different religions, what problems might that cause with our wedding, the way we celebrate holidays, and how we will raise our children?
Do you believe that mankind is created with free-will (the ability to make right or wrong decisions) or that everything in life is predestined (planned out for you)?
Is there any way we could use religion to help fill our marriage with love and peace?
Do you want a church wedding. If so, why?
Do you believe that the Bible is the inspired Word of God? Why?
Do you have any religious, ethical or cultural reasons why you think people of different races should not marry?
How often do you pray? Why do you pray?
Do you have any superstitions? What are they?
The Bible emphatically states that eternal life only comes through belief in Jesus Christ and his sacrifice. If you are a Christian, how do you feel about living with someone who does not have the same hope of eternal life? What if they worshipped some other god than Jesus Christ?
If you and your mate had significantly different religious beliefs, what would you teach your children about God? Would you want your mate to teach your children things that contradict your beliefs?
Do you believe most people who convert to their mate’s religion do so out of keeping peace in the family or because they sincerely understand and believe the tenets of their mate's faith? Does it matter?
Would you be willing to go through a workshop or class that discussed the basic beliefs and doctrines of your partner’s church?
How does your faith help you cope with problems and trials?
Are there evil spirits in the world? Do you fear them?
What place do you believe religion will have in our lives?
Is religion important in your daily life? Why or why not?
How to do feel about those who are in different religions? Do you believe that God has a plan to save the whole world from eternal death (those who want to be saved) or only those who hear and believe the "truth" in this lifetime?
Were you afraid of God as a child?
To what extent do you think God expects us to follow and obey religious leaders?
Does your religion have a policy on contraception? What is it?
If you don't go to church at all or very often, do you think that might change when you have children? Why wait until then?
Can you think of anything that might make you want to stop attending church?
Do you think God created rules and instructions (a religion) to help men keep close to him? Or do you think man just made up those rules?
Do you have spiritual yearnings? What questions to life are you trying to figure out?
How many hours a week do you typically devote to your religious practices (e.g. going to church, prayer meetings, bible study, etc.)?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Do you believe that the Satan of the Bible actually exists? If so, what is he doing? Why is he evil?
Which religions do you think are the most harmful and destructive?
Some people say they are "spiritual" but not "religious". What does that mean to you?
If you pray, what do you give thanks for and what do you ask for?
Do you fear God? Why or why not?
Do you believe that God does anything that does not make sense?
Can you always apply human logic to analyze religion?
If we currently attend the same church but years from now I lost interest and stopped attending, how do you think that might affect our marriage?
Why do you think the Bible states that Christians should meet regularly with other believers and worship Him?
Does your partner have any religious beliefs that you feel are plain wrong (not going to doctors, no birth control, animal sacrifices, not wearing make-up, etc.) and you will not go along with?